We were just talking about, well,
all of the ways that Date can be tricky
to work with and all of the things that
we wish we had from other languages
that other languages might have.
But of course, all different
languages kind of deal with dates and
times differently and whatnot.
So a note, about the date object,
or the D Date object and
the date objects that we create with new.
Pretty much everyone ever
finds them problematic and
inadequate for our lives as developers and
our experience as
humans with this thing called the web
that we have to deal with now.
[COUGH] So, as you may have
noticed on the MDN Date page,
there's a little note that TC 39,
which again is the standards body for
ECMAScript Which is
the official specification
of the JavaScript language
is working on it.
[LAUGH] They're working on a new
alternative because they have heard
the people, the people have taken to
the Internet and complained anonymously.
[LAUGH] Tthat Date is
not meeting our need.
So, if you click through some of these
links, you will find fun sentences like,
Date has been a long-standing
pain point in ECMAScript.
And there is a detailed look at some
of the problems with date in a blog
post called Fixing JavaScript Date,
which has the most adorable little
JavaScript, developer on it.
And so, yes, if you want to
learn more about all of the ways
that Date can go horribly, horribly wrong,
click through these links that
are on the Date reference in MDN,
and you will hopefully find some fun or
perhaps horrifying stories.
Cool, okay, good point.
Before we leave the land of iterables and
iterators,
there was also a question
that came up around, are for
of loops the only place
that we can use iterables?
No, there's actually several
different places where JavaScript
syntax is expecting an iterable object.
So if we go back to our
amazingly interesting page,
and scroll down
the iterative protocol page.
And if we scroll down we have
some built-in iterables,
like we saw array is one.
And we also have, yeah, some different
APIs that accept iterables, wow.
And we have some different
syntax in JavaScript,
some different statements and
expressions that do look for an integral.
For of is the foster child
as it were,but we also
have the spread operator dot dot dot.
We could spread our clock
out into a clocky array.
There's also an even
deeper rabbit hole within
generators which is generators
can yield successive
values from another
iterable with a yield star
that is sort of like yield each
of the things in this thing.
Which I deliberately didn't
tell I'll tell you about so
that we could do our exercise together.
[LAUGH] But in any case, it does mean
that you can do some fanciness there.
YoungStar is one of those.
So, essentially, these iterables
pop up in different places.
And, for example, the Spread Operator I
think is one of the more
useful relatively new syntactic
additions to JavaScript.
It's very helpful, and we talked about it
a little bit in JavaScript First Steps.
But yeah,
you can spread your own custom iterable
objects if they implement
the iterator protocol.
And that's what's nice about it.
Again, it's not just one method that
you always have to call this method and
then you have to pass it on callback or
blah blah blah.
It can pop up in lots of different places
because it is an accepted protocol
in the language as opposed to a convention
of naming a method a certain thing